Revisit page meta descriptions in Core docs - Closes #738 (#753)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/setup/source.adoc

= Source code setup
Mona Bärenfänger <mona@lightcurve.io>

> :description: The Lisk Core Source code setup covers how to perform the installation, including the toolchain components, PostgreSQL, PM2 & Redis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:description: Describes all requirements and dependencies to install Lisk Core from Source.
```
